how you doing everyone it is june
thirtieth we're about 10 days out from
the san jose show and i'm feeling really
good I'm tired I'm depleted I'm I'm
starting to get a little starting to
feel it start to get a little moody but
but I feel good as far as the way I look
I'm getting really really tight right
now I as lean as I've ever been and I'm
still still holding on to some good
weight I'm about I actually weighed
myself right now I'm about 20 5 206 so I
need a I need to drop a little bit but
I've got I've got like I said about 10
days to drop drop a few pounds plus
water so I should be able to make that
the 198 wait that shouldn't be a problem
everything else has been going really
good diets been been easy trainings been
good like I said other than that I'm
tired I'll be looking forward to eating
a little a little bit and relaxing but
other than that everything's been really
good I can't complain like I saw them 10
days out
I'm ecstatic to be honest it'll be it'll
be fun I'm going to show my best out
there then i'll be doing the us's three
weeks after that so I'm very excited for
that as well I can't wait to be honest
I'm I'm extremely excited and i'll i'll
be posting up some videos hopefully
hopefully this weekend i'll get some
videos up of me posing again show you
guys how I'm looking I saw I am really
happy with the way I'm look I'm very
tight I really don't have much much more
to lose maybe a little bit in my my
gluten ham area and lower back but not
much I mean it's pretty it's pretty
tight um and that's about it so I'll
keep you guys updated and look forward
to 10 days from now all right take care